1) StillerSafe Brand 15.6 Inch Zero Eye Strain Anti Glare Laptop Screen
₹2399
This Zero Eye Strain screen is light grey in color and (without privacy) exclusively designed to protect your eyes from EXCESSIVE LAPTOP USAGE which causes headaches, fatigue, dry eyes & eye strain issues.
Privacy Screens is for data protection not for eye protection and do not have Anti-glare or Eye Protection Technology. Excess Usage of Privacy screens is not recommended due to its dark shade.
This ALCS (advanced light control) screen block blue light and keep your eyes safe from long working hours.
Installation - This is Easy Stick Removable screen with soft glue on edges only. Very easy to stick and remove anytime. Any issue with screen, size, or replacement please connect with our customer care number mentioned on our packaging.
Designed to protect your eyes from red eyes and dry eyes, an unspoken epidemic.

2) Lenovo Replacement LCD Screen for Lenovo Laptop
₹7999
The screen is sensitive enough and precise and works perfectly
Made up of durable material
Compatible for Lenovo Laptop

3) Dell Wired Multimedia USB Keyboard with Super Quite Plunger Keys with Spill-Resistant Black
₹549
DEVICE TYPE: Keyboard
CONNECTIVITY TECHNOLOGY: Wired
INTERFACE: USB
HOT KEYS FUNCTION: Volume, Mute, Play/Pause, Backward, Forward
KEYS STYLE: Chiclet

4) HP 150 Wired Keyboard, Quick, Comfy and Ergonomically Design, Plug and Play USB Connection and LED Indicator
₹580
Get typing in no time – enjoy quick connectivity across USB port compatible devices with a full-frame, classic keyboard.
Sit in a suitable position and rest your palm and wrists easily with this height-adjustable keyboard designed for comfort.
Maximize your productivity with a full range of 109 keys, including a numeric keypad for easy data-entry, 12 Function keys and 3 Hotkeys.
Enjoy 3-years manufacturer warranty on the device from the date of purchase

5) ZEBRONICS K24 USB Keyboard with Long Life 8 Million Keystrokes, Silent & Comfortable Use, Slim Design
₹349
Standard keyboard layout with 104 Keys and UV coated keycaps (full size).
Proven durability with 8 million keystrokes for lifelong usage.
The keyboard supports the Rupee key in the layout.
1.5 meter textured cable length and quality USB connector for usage with computer and laptop.
Silent performance and comfortable usage with the retractable stand option.
Simply plug the USB and start using the ZEB-K24 keyboard with your computer / laptop.
The keyboard has a sleek and slim design. It has comfortable chiclet style keys which are easy to type on.

6) Dell USB Wireless Keyboard Anti-Fade & Spill-Resistant Keys, up to 36 Month Battery Life
₹1299
Movement Detection Technology (Mouse): Optical Buttons Qty: 03 Movement Resolution: 1000 dpi
Hot Keys Function: Volume, Mute Keyboard Technology: Plunger
Device Type: Keyboard and mouse set
Wireless Receiver: USB Wireless Receiver Adjustable Height: Yes
Interface: 2.4 GHz Type Keyboard/Mouse : Wireless

7) Saco Transparent Laptop Touchpad Protector for All Laptops 
₹263
Saco Transparent Laptop
Touchpad Protector for
All Laptops (Clear, 158x98 mm)

8) Seagate Barracuda 1TB Internal Hard Drive HDD – 2.5 Inch (6.35 cm) SATA 6 Gb/s, 5400 RPM, 128MB Cache for Computer Desktop PC 
₹3790
Store more, compute faster, and do it confidently with the proven reliability of BarraCuda internal hard drives
Build a powerhouse gaming computer or desktop setup with a variety of capacities and form factors
The go-to SATA hard drive solution for nearly every PC application—from music to video to photo editing to PC gaming
Confidently rely on internal hard drive technology backed by 20 years of innovation
Migrate and clone data from old drives with ease using our free Seagate DiscWizard software tool
Enjoy long-term peace of mind with the included two-year limited warranty

9) SanDisk Cruzer Blade 32GB USB Flash Drive
₹278
Compact Design for Maximum Portability.
Store more with capacities up to 16gb 5-year limited warranty , High-Capacity Drive Accommodates Your Favorite Media Files. Write Speed : 20 MB/s (USB 2.0)
Operating temperature: 0ºC to 45ºC , Storage temperature: -10ºC to 70ºC
SanDisk SecureAccess Software Protects Drive from Unauthorized Access
The models are different because production is from different countries. Otherwise both are sandisk cruzer blade models.

10) HP USB 2.0 64GB Pen Drive, Metal
₹416
Durable metal Charming appearance which brings a great sense of style
Electronic plating after printing technic (Anti-fake). Other Features : Plug & Play
Lidless, compact design with integrated strap-hole, Temperature Proof, Shock-Proof, and vibration-proof
This pendrive is compatible with operating systems such as Windows 2000/XP and Vista, Windows 7, 8, 10 and MAC operating systems 10.3 and above. The HP V236W 64GB Pendrive has a minimum write rate of 4MB/sec and a read rate of 14MB/sec
Durable metal Charming appearance which brings a great sense of style
Electronic plating after printing technic (Anti-fake). Other Features : Plug & Play

11) Logitech Wireless Mouse, 2.4 GHz with USB Nano Receiver, Optical Tracking, 12-Months Battery Life
₹595
Reliable Wireless Connection : Enjoy a wireless connection up to 10m away thanks to a plug-and-forget USB mini-receiver
Optical Tracking : The advanced optical tracking features enable ultra precise moves on almost any surface. Required: available USB port, Windows 7, 8, 10 or later, macOS 10.5 or later, Chrome OS, Linux Kernel 2.6+
12-Month Battery Life : Don’t worry about constant battery changes as this wired Logitech mouse has a 12-month battery life.
Quality Assured : Logitech are experts you can trust, and for more than 30 years we have created high-quality corded, cordless and Bluetooth products that help you get the most out of your Windows computer, laptop, Mac or Macbook
Reliable Wireless Connection : Enjoy a wireless connection up to 10m away thanks to a plug-and-forget USB mini-receiver
Note : In case of Wireless mouse, the USB receiver will be provided inside or along with the mouse
Optical Tracking : The advanced optical tracking features enable ultra precise moves on almost any surface.

12) Portronics Toad 23 Wireless Optical Mouse with 2.4GHz, Click Wheel, Adjustable DPI(Black)
₹349
[WIRELESS FREEDOM] - Enjoy up to a 10-meter wireless connection with the Toad 23 wireless mouse’s tiny plug-and-forget wireless receiver. No software or driver installation needed. The mouse automatically connects to your computer system. It is ready to go when you are.
[CARRY IT ANYWHERE, EVERYWHERE] - Portronics Toad 23 Wireless Optical Mouse is the perfect accessory for those who travel for work, executives who give presentations, or anyone who wants greater control and freedom. With its compact design, it easily fits in pockets.
[ERGONOMIC DESIGN] - Designed to keep either hand comfortable. With the click wheel, Toad 23 becomes easier to use with a third click button at your disposal.
[HIGH-SPEED OPTICAL MOUSE] - The 2.4 GHz operating speed of this wireless mouse sends quick signals to the device. With the button to adjust DPI resolution, now adjust your mouse sensitivity as per your requirement.
[30 LAKHS+ CLICKS] - Once you buy Toad 23 Wireless Optical Mouse, you don’t need to worry about its durability. With a life of over 30 lakhs clicks, this wireless mouse is highly durable and delivers optimal work quality to the users.

